Introduction. 


To play you need at least 4 friends. 

3 of you play by creating characters and roleplaying; telling a collabrative story.

One of you is The Director. The Director frames the scenes, plays the bit parts 
and pushes the threats. 

Lastly you have to worry about the Audience. The Audience are a nebulus imaginary group 
who watch and bay for sex and bloodshed. The Director must always have the Audience in mind 
when he frames his scenes, as they own the imagnary space, and have the power to collapse it
at a whim. 

The true spirit of roleplay is captured by Vincent Baker in Apocalypse World: 

"You probably know this already: roleplaying is a 
conversation. You and the other players go back and forth, 
talking about these fctional characters in their fictional 
circumstances doing whatever it is that they do. 

Like any conversation, you take turns, but it’s not like taking turns, 
right? Sometimes you talk over each other, interrupt, build 
on each other’s ideas, monopolize. 

All fine.

All these rules do is mediate the conversation. They kick 
in when someone says some particular things, and they 
impose constraints on what everyone should say after. 
Makes sense, right?"

To take that forward; 

This game is a conversation about youth, violence, cliche and the monster. 


Youth.

This is the youth i always saw in films but never really lived, and i am not even sure ever existed.

Its a youth of wild parties and dangerous sex, where all the teenagers are played by much older actors.

The Players will enter the teengage world of degridation, social hiarachies, sexual frustration, disfunction and vice which 
lies underneath suburbia. 

The wild abandon of youth fills the Audience with rage and disgust, but also perversly, its what the Audience desires
to see most of all.

Who knows or understands the complex desires of the Audience ?


Violence.

Desipte being shocking and mad, the escalation of violence releves the tension of the social world.

The narrative thrust of the game is dealing with a violent and hostile force, which murders people left and right. 

More then that, the monster is a manifestation of somthing wider and deeper, buried within the sleepy town.

Somthing monsterous is at its core. 

If the Players can survive the horror, maybe they can expose this town's ugly secret.


Cliche.

This is a conversation about tropes. What is real and what is our cultural projection?















