The Sex; 

The Sex is pathologic, beautiful, arresting.

Everything is intimate, nothing is private.

The Sex commands, and others follow. They hold an audience, who listen and obey. 

RELATIONSHIP:
Manditory:

- Choose a person. They have either hurt you deeply, or you feel deeply for them. They take 2 pull on you. 

- Choose another person. You have recently used this person and felt nothing. You have 2 pull on them, they have -1 pull on you.

-(optional) Choose any player or NPC. You and that person are 'going steady'. They have 2 pull on you, you have 3 pull on them. 


MOTIVE:

- You want to posses people in desire and break their hearts.

+EXP for every pull have on someone
+x2EXP for every lover you betray.


MOVES:

Breathtaking Slut. Purity gets a -3. Popular gets a +2. Assign 2 other stats as +1, assign 1 stat as -1, the rest are 0. 

Everything is intimate: Roll -purity instead popular on any 1 on 1 attempts to manipulate a person. 

Sex as a Weapon. When trying to seduce another person, roll and add -purity value.
On NPC:
On a 10: They work for you now. No questions asked. 
On a 7-9: Chose 2:
- They are your eager possesion. You can command them as a follower.
- You will shatter their ego - leaving them an emotional wreck, much to pathetic to help.
- You will suffer consiqunces for anything bad which befalls them.
- You will drive them slowly mad and depraved. 
On a 6: Choose 1:
-They still are obsessed with you. In a dark way.
-You can get what you want, but you are now doomed.  
-They are just not into you. And you are over them.
On Player:
On a 10: They work for you now. They take +1 ongoing for every command they are performing for you, and - pull for every action against you
##### 

Fan Service. The Audience just wants to see your flesh. Once in a session, you can exchange a harm for a rip in your clothing. 

Beyond Good and Evil. When you exert control or dominance over somone besoted by you, roll +pull on them. 
For NPCs
On 10: They will unquestioningly perform a task to the best of thier ability 
on 7-9: T  

SEX MOVE

After having sex with a person, the Sex automaticaly performs Sex as a Weapon. You take +3 for your pull on them, they take +1 for their pull with you.


STUFF.

A light weapon (knife, taser ect). You can never be to carefull, looking like you do. 

Stalker. There is somthing comforting about having a stalker. They are always watching over you - and when you ask somthing of them, it just happens. 







 